if we hold
polichinelle secret since a few
month time plague 44 finally done
his appearance a cane at the show
International long the pleasure
more than 13 m
the new semi rigid of the firm
Italian does not go unnoticed
including amid the saber yachts
to cannes to arrive at this result
umberto capelli totally left 2 0
the goal being to offer a capable hull
to withstand significant constraints
but also closely a comfort of
first class
if it remains important by its size
plague time 44 adopts a pace and a
relatively Zen design almost
minimalist
sober of aspe the time plague 44 harbor
still a hull more than
convincing offering including a
first class comfort and strengthening
so his family side
performance side, however, remains a
little bit on his hunger since with three
times 300 horses
the boat gets stuck at 46 knots and not
plus a counter performance that
can be explained in particular by wood
relatively high boat but
also by the concern to maintain a
comfort comfort side comfort first
good surprise comes already from the three
300 horsepower engines
relatively discreet to the ear a
good impression that is confirmed at the
bar or time plague 44 is showing
from where is easy to conduct with moreover
a steering position rather
ergonomic
zen in appearance the cap it offers there either
all the comfort you need onboard
the big cockpit with its two tables and
his huge bench
there is also a beautiful beach
bath and plenty of storage space
from the trunk on the bow or from
the huge trunk that opens
electrically
good point also for the chests
optional and for this kitchen block
outside comprising a sink of
hotplates and a fridge
the interior is not left out since
the square turns into a double bed can
easily accommodate a couple while
that children will be lodged in the same
cabin a real plus we also have
a second kitchen with micro oven
waves and refrigerators and especially a
beautiful bathroom with luxury
Supreme a shower single closed
downside the overall mood is very gray
a little sad and the finish on this
demo model not yet
totally at the top
in the end the time plague 44 should
seduce those looking for a semi
rigid for cruising or outings
family with a substantial size
but while remaining relatively
discreet